There's been a
stir, watch out, let's see what you think about this. Hey, there's
been a stir with this, these are
Miguel Lago's words. Okay, Miguel Lago, always,
always canceled. Miguel Lago is always
banned when it's not because of one
comment or another. Okay, in the case of
Daniel Sancho, in the case of Daniel
Sancho, they canceled him because he made a
joke about the parts in which he was
cut up and Win Arrieta, okay, eh. Let's see,
if you put a comedian to comment on an
event, it's not what I was telling you
before, it's what I was telling you before. H.
In the end, the register is not of each one. At
what point are we as a society in
which there is in a station like
Seville, in this case, a kid who is
also,
uh, white, handsome, handsome, well dressed. Let's
talk about prejudices. No, no, no,
totally, and I appreciate you saying it, and
of course, that one says they're soli, totally, and I
appreciate you saying it. TT, well, he just
gave away five members, so thank you very much.
TT, darling, how are you? I'm going to
fix my little window a bit while the
TT thanks play. A round of
applause from the entire chat for our TT.  no
Hey but TT Thanks a lot how are you let's see
I'm going to make myself a little smaller here
to watch the videos man TT Thanks a lot
for those five members a
round of applause the whole chat for TT Congratulations
whoever gets it Hey but we will never ever
reach 3000 members on this
channel no the kids come in every
moment
eh the kids come in every moment A
kiss TT gorgeous Okay but let's see how you
understand this comment eh Because
also We can't get offended so
quickly let's see let's listen exactly and
that there is no one at the Santa
Justa station no worker at the
Santa Justa station to lend a hand to
anyone well first of all the
comment is a mistake but starting not
from what he said about Blanco
handsome young man but the comment itself is
a mistake because we are assuming
that no one gave the kid a hand
let's see I'm working in Santa
Justa Imagine I'm working in a
train station metro whatever and
I'm doing my job I'm not paying
attention to let's see I'm going to look I'm going to
look at everyone  world that passes by to see if I
see anyone who needs a little
help okay No no no you're not for that you're
for working Pilar just gave away
another five members But well my goodness you
are waking up Until now you
are waking up at coffee time
will it be that you will give a sasca to
the kids I ask eh will you
be able to give a sasca to the
kids and that I appear there
tonight telling the
kids telling the kids that we
reached 3000 members in telesalseo
no no no no I don't think so no well I don't know I
leave it in your hands let's see I understand what there is let's see the
first thing is that okay
the first thing is that is being taken for granted
something that is not the case okay yesterday we already had
the testimony of the people who
attended to Daniel Sancho if you haven't
seen it we have uploaded it I think an
extract has been uploaded to telesalseo the
extract has been uploaded What is the
extract called in telesalseo the extract has been uploaded
and it is
called
Scoop employee of
Renfe tells the last minutes of
Álvaro Prieto before his death That's
the title that my editor gave it that
one, okay, in case you want to see it
there, Trium and I tell what she
told us, but I would have
loved for her to come and tell it, not
because it would have been better, besides,
she remembers the details better, love
how she speaks and told it, no, Cain, a
kiss. But in the end, it was
100% real information, okay, what she was
giving us, the guy was doing his own thing, he
tried to sneak onto a train, he didn't want to
try to buy another ticket, he didn't try
anything.
Miss Boldi gave one away, so
I'll throw you a kiss, okay, what
this man wanted to say here, Miguel Lago, it may
sound unfortunate, but I understand
what he meant. I understand what he meant what he
meant to say,
it's like, [ __ ],
eh, counting on that, counting on that
theory that they had rejected his
help, okay, that they had been stupid
with the guy, okay, a guy arrives,
okay, with good looks, with good
appearances, well, in fact,
the  girls say it girls tell us it says we
saw him like this the
typical boy like this very handsome very polite
posh you know let's see whether you
want it or not, no, many times let's see
let's be honest we're not going to be
honest And this is not about
classism or racism or anything like that
But you're in an
establishment and someone comes to you, I'm not
going to tell you what color it is okay
because it's not necessary what color it
is but imagine
someone very dirty comes to you who smells like [ __ ] with their clothes torn full of [ __ ] you know as if they got in through grease No, you say wow where did this thief go you understand Or does someone come to you with a bad look and enters your business you don't hang out with them
Hello everyone that way I save money and
one by one Well very well lizardo I think it's
great that you greet the entire
chat with a super chat I wish
everyone were as polite as lizardo to
give a super chat to greet and
say good afternoon to everyone the
truth is that I think it's a great idea
I understood Miguel Lago's point
okay I think maybe he said it in
a way Maybe very very direct and
many times things that are so direct
shock you at first when you hear them
boom it shocks but I understand
that I understand that it's not bad at all what he
said is that what he's
telling you is that or not I mean someone comes to you
with a good appearance, seems like
a civilized person
no but well what do you think you had
many alternatives so that you wouldn't
leave him there stranded Olga Well I don't think
that the Renfe should have a babysitter
pending on all the kids that come in
and out the truth is one thing is that
someone asks you for help one thing is that
someone uh comes to you and asks you for help
one thing is that someone tells you Hey a
kid can't reach you the kid and he says
please it's that I'm stranded here it's that I have to
go to Córdoba and I don't have any
money I have a dead phone what do I do
man Of course it would be
bad people there if nobody helped but
the kid is doing his thing around
the station and what he's trying to do is
sneak onto a train man
please you there as a worker are not going to
take it and you're going to say Hey why are you
trying to sneak onto seven trains Hey
why is he jumping the fence do you need me to
lend you 30 bucks and invite you on
a train No you don't say that to a
person who is trying to jump from
train to train No that's not like that it doesn't
work like that It's that in hindsight we are all
very good and we are all very
perfect Lizardo just gave away another
five members now what Lizardo just
gave away another five members get over it
bu I'm not asking you to get over it anyway Hey the
guy got on he gave his super chat he said
good afternoon and then he
gave away five members what do you think to
me it seems like a gesture of Education it
seems to me there you have it there you
have it there you
have it damn 30 30 a train ticket
Gami chiro there were 40 ones there were
24 ones and there were 14 ones for 14 euros The
kid could have gone to Córdoba with
14  I could have gone to
Cordoba but he chose the worst one but it's
only his fault it was
only his fault let's see ending
the
subject ending the subject I don't know if
this will be interesting or not worth it maybe it
's some [ __ ] of these of
spending the afternoon spending the afternoon spending the afternoon doing the
route well we did this
the other day triun and I didn't In fact I went up
like I did even with the GPS no Javi
I would have told him to call his
mother with my cell phone I assure you And more
if I see him very rushed Olga darling they
told him Olga didn't you see my live yesterday
with triun no Olga didn't you see our
live yesterday Of course they told him they
told him Look let's let's charge the
cell phone here we buy another ticket I don't know
what if the girl says it if it had been necessary I would
put the ticket
with my money and then more a bison or
whatever but the thing is that kid did his thing
kid didn't ask for it